fix(tutorial): kubectl MTA-1979 (#614)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/kubeflow-on-kapsule/index.mdx

  kubectl get nodes
  ```

> 4. Click **Dashboard** in your clusters overview, to open the Kubernetes dashboard of your cluster in a new browser window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Dashboard** in your cluster's **Overview** page, to open the Kubernetes dashboard of your cluster in a new browser window.
```
